# End to End (E2E) supplementary code
Technical University of Denmark - National Institute of Aquatic Resources                    DTU Aqua
This code is part of the special course: End to end ecosystem modelling, supervised by Ken H Andersen.
Themistoklis Konstantinopoulos, Biologist MSc


Climate change, polution and overexploitation of natural resources have modified earth's environment. This is mirrored in Ocean's physical and chemical properties, which are rapidly changing resulting in extiction events and species community shifts. Marine ecosystems provide food, regulate the world's climate, have natural resources and can be used for recreational puproses. Thus, changes in these environmes consist a great risk for human societies. At present, various programs and policies are effective across the world to understand and protect natural environments. Understanding the involved processes is helpfull in protecting the environmental integrity. Numerus mathematical models are set to desctibe marine ecosystems and assess effects of climate change and other anthropogenic activities on them. Although the knowledge on natural sciences and the computational power is increasing, earth is too complex to be simulated by a modern computer. Contemporary solutions involve models limited in space or details. Spatially limited models can provide high resolution in specific ecosystems, whereas generic models describe global trends. In this work the first principles NUM and the fisheries model FEISTY were linked. 
